README.md, before:

# Plant-a-base README

## Welcome to Plant-a-base

Plant-a-base is a comprehensive digital garden companion designed to provide detailed information about a variety of plants. This web application is built for gardeners, botanists, and plant enthusiasts, making it easier to make informed decisions and care for their green friends.

### Table of Contents
- [About Plant-a-base](#about-plant-a-base)
- [Key Features](#key-features)
- [Sign-up for Updates](#sign-up-for-updates)
- [Developer Information](#developer-information)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Technology Stack](#technology-stack)
- [License](#license)

## About Plant-a-base

Plant-a-base is a user-friendly platform providing users with the ability to explore detailed information about plants. The application includes high-quality images, a growing calendar, and key plant data to help you understand the growth cycle of your plants.
- http://plant-a-base.free.nf/

## Key Features

1. **Visual Lifecycle**  
   - View high-quality images of plants at different stages of growth: seed, plant, flower, and fruit.
  
2. **Growing Calendar**  
   - Learn about optimal growing seasons for each plant through our monthly calendar view.
  
3. **Detailed Information**  
   - Access comprehensive information including germination time, harvest time, planting zones, and more.

4. **Plant Record-Keeping**  
   - Keep track of plant progress and milestones with our integrated record-keeping section.

## Sign-up for Updates

Interested in Plant-a-base? You can sign up for updates to get notified about our official launch and receive information directly in your inbox. Visit the [Sign-up Section](#sign-up-for-updates) on the website, complete the form, and solve the custom CAPTCHA to receive notifications.

## Developer Information

This project is the work of a solo developer with a passion for gardening. The website serves as a digital resource for plant enthusiasts and includes:
- High-quality images of various plant growth stages.
- Monthly growing calendar and detailed plant descriptions.
- Record-keeping for tracking plant progress.

The aim of Plant-a-base is to make it easier for plant lovers to grow and care for plants, whether they're new to gardening or experienced growers.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Web browser to view and interact with Plant-a-base.
- Internet connection for accessing web content.

### Running Locally
1. Clone the repository.
2. Serve the HTML file using any static file server or directly in a browser.
3. Ensure required external dependencies are accessible (Bootstrap, Font Awesome, custom scripts).

### Project Structure
- `index.html`: Main webpage structure.
- `css/`: Custom styling and Bootstrap links.
- `js/`: JavaScript files for menu functionality and CAPTCHA logic.
- `img/`: Images used in the application (e.g., plant lifecycle images).

## Technology Stack
- **HTML5 & CSS3**: Main structure and styling.
- **JavaScript**: Provides interactivity, including custom CAPTCHA.
- **Bootstrap 5**: For responsive styling.
- **Font Awesome**: For icons used in feature sections.
- **External JavaScript libraries**:
  - [Bootstrap JS](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/bootstrap/5.3.0/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js)
  - [Font Awesome JS](https://kit.fontawesome.com/c2e74e567e.js)

## License

&copy; 2024 Plant-a-base. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

put in instructions for my self on docker, blockpop

README.md, after:

# Plant-a-base README

## Welcome to Plant-a-base

Plant-a-base is a comprehensive digital garden companion designed to provide detailed information about a variety of plants. This web application is built for gardeners, botanists, and plant enthusiasts, making it easier to make informed decisions and care for their green friends.

### Table of Contents
- [About Plant-a-base](#about-plant-a-base)
- [Key Features](#key-features)
- [Sign-up for Updates](#sign-up-for-updates)
- [Developer Information](#developer-information)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Technology Stack](#technology-stack)
- [License](#license)

## About Plant-a-base

Plant-a-base is a user-friendly platform providing users with the ability to explore detailed information about plants. The application includes high-quality images, a growing calendar, and key plant data to help you understand the growth cycle of your plants.
- http://plant-a-base.free.nf/

## Key Features

1. **Visual Lifecycle**  
   - View high-quality images of plants at different stages of growth: seed, plant, flower, and fruit.
  
2. **Growing Calendar**  
   - Learn about optimal growing seasons for each plant through our monthly calendar view.
  
3. **Detailed Information**  
   - Access comprehensive information including germination time, harvest time, planting zones, and more.

4. **Plant Record-Keeping**  
   - Keep track of plant progress and milestones with our integrated record-keeping section.

## Sign-up for Updates

Interested in Plant-a-base? You can sign up for updates to get notified about our official launch and receive information directly in your inbox. Visit the [Sign-up Section](#sign-up-for-updates) on the website, complete the form, and solve the custom CAPTCHA to receive notifications.

## Developer Information

This project is the work of a solo developer with a passion for gardening. The website serves as a digital resource for plant enthusiasts and includes:
- High-quality images of various plant growth stages.
- Monthly growing calendar and detailed plant descriptions.
- Record-keeping for tracking plant progress.

The aim of Plant-a-base is to make it easier for plant lovers to grow and care for plants, whether they're new to gardening or experienced growers.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Web browser to view and interact with Plant-a-base.
- Internet connection for accessing web content.

### Running Locally
1. Clone the repository.
2. Serve the HTML file using any static file server or directly in a browser.
3. Ensure required external dependencies are accessible (Bootstrap, Font Awesome, custom scripts).

### Docker
Navigate to the docker-compose.yml file and run this.
*Note that docker-compose.yml is not yet in this repo. 
```
docker-compose up -d
```
Port is setup for 1000
```
http://localhost:1000/plant-a-base/
```

### Project Structure
- `index.html`: Main webpage structure.
- `css/`: Custom styling and Bootstrap links.
- `js/`: JavaScript files for menu functionality and CAPTCHA logic.
- `img/`: Images used in the application (e.g., plant lifecycle images).

## Technology Stack
- **HTML5 & CSS3**: Main structure and styling.
- **JavaScript**: Provides interactivity, including custom CAPTCHA.
- **Bootstrap 5**: For responsive styling.
- **Font Awesome**: For icons used in feature sections.
- **External JavaScript libraries**:
  - [Bootstrap JS](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/bootstrap/5.3.0/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js)
  - [Font Awesome JS](https://kit.fontawesome.com/c2e74e567e.js)

## License

&copy; 2024 Plant-a-base. All rights reserved.
